Welcome I hope that you're ready to learn a ton about re-act native.
My name is Stephen Greider and I will be your instructor.
I've written many courses on react and this course in particular is my second course focused on Riak
native.
I have collected a tremendous amount of feedback on why students want to learn Riak native and this
course is kind of like the culmination of that effort.
Every topic is carefully presented in a very specific order to make sure that you can walk away from
this course with the skills that you need to build awesome native applications.
So the overwhelming goal here like the thing we're really going to drive home towards is building usable
real applications in addition to just you know learning hey what the heck is Riak native.
My goal with this course is to start coding on real projects as soon as possible.
But Riak native makes that just a little bit difficult as it requires a little environment set up ahead
of time so we're going to go through a little bit of getting started stuff in the next couple of sections
before we start Rikan our first application.
Even if you already ran through the reality of installation if you could do it like you know a couple
of months ago hey no problem you'd probably skip it.
But if you install re-act native like when it first came out then I really recommend that you go through
the installation directions because set up with Riak native is kind of a little bit notoriously difficult.
Now one quick word about compact compatibility with their operating system.
If you're using OSX so you're using a Mac.
We will be going through set up with both iOS and Android.
So need to run iOS and Android applications and if using Windows will be setting up just Android because
Windows does not have Iowa support with re-act need it just yet officially I should say the official
Riak native documentation has instructions for set up with Linux as well.
So if you're running Linux you can certainly go through those directions.
But we will not be going through it on this course.
Do the actual videos.
Every app that we build in this course is going to be 100 percent compatible with both iOS and Android.
So no need to sweat getting left in the cold.
If you do not have the perfect OS setup.
So with that in mind let's get started with our environment setup in the next section